----------------
Perf report TODO
----------------

Recommendations
    LRQ outside MS code
    Recurring task scheduler/job queue jobs with LRQ
    Recurring failing task scheduler/job queue jobs 
    Long held locks (LRQ with UPDLOCK and duration > 30000 ms)

Pages
    Open Company: fix AVG measure in dataset 
    Reports: add companyName = customDimensions.companyName to dataset and add company filter on report
    Add dataset and page for Table Indexes

-----------------
Error report TODO
-----------------

Pages
    Permisssions errors (20.1)

Recommendations
    Permission errors
    Task scheduler errors


------------
Partner asks
------------
Filter Business Hours (8 to 18) and After Hours (18 to 8)
Database wait statistics (RT0025 and RT0026)
In the Open Company section. Combine the two graph Avg execution and count into one graph.
Adding LC0024 - Analyzing Table Index Trace Telemetry. So you can see what is happing if someones adds some keys that you aren't aware of or removed some key. So your performance is getting slower.
Some statistics are misleading. Like Min and Avg for Long Running AL. As it only looks at the small subset of runs that are very slow Min is the fastest of the slowest and Avg is the average of those that are very slow.  The Max makes sense and some performance buckets might make sense.
Drill through from Long Running SQL Queries/AL methods to Timeline.kql with timestamp +- 5 min



----
DONE
----

DONE: In my view it would be nice that (at least) the Tenant ID, Environment Type and Environment Name is synced between the pages. 
Possible with a "Filter page" at the front, where the global fileters would be set - I think it make the use of the report much easier.
DONE: Also, for your backlog, it would be nice to see some of the metrics - e.g. avg. page view time across tenants. Like a chart, where the value is the avg. page view, the x-axis is time (date by hour) and each tenant has its own value. So I can compare "user perception" of performance across all tenants.
DONE: The recommendations are a good idea, but I got a list of reports "not using Read Scale-out", turns out most of them were our posting reports. So not helpful. 
DONE: Long Running SQL Queries with many joins (Recommendations)
DONE: Error dialogs (RT0030)
DONE: Task Scheduler events 
DONE: Maybe adding the JobQueue also. Because that can also impact the performance. So how many they have started.
DONE: On "Report" I would like some averages, the Sum* values are not useful. 
DONE: The "Outbound calls" page does not update "Count by http code" and "Average exe time" when changing Tenant ID, Environment Type or Name
TODO: Maybe also that you can filter on company name in reports page?

Not possible: 
Speaking of the Tenant ID - a mapping between ID and domain name would be really nice. I don't know if it is available, I have thought about creating a file with the mapping for my own reports.
Current limitation in client telemetry: On "Page views" all environments show as type Prod, even sandboxes.


